1. Correctness
To be correct a CSV parser should have the following features:
- It should correctly accept user inputs assuming that the user stuck to CSV 
  design specifications. For example, if they included a comma in quotes, that 
  comma should carry over to the parsed output. Similarly, line breaks should be
  accommodated
- The parser should never change user inputs without specific user direction
  (such as in the form of a schema); it should warn users if inputs are invalid
  (like a string where an int should be).
- It should be capable of processing empty fields as indicated by ,,
- The parser should provide a message to the user if it breaks for whatever
  reason or cannot handle the user inputs
- The parser should warn users if it detects suspicious properties that might
  indicate problems in the CSV such as an empty file or empty field or mismatch
  in columns
- The parser should be consistent in its output if it receives the same inputs

2. Random Generation
This would rapidly boost the potential for me to thoroughly test the program as
the inherent randomness would help me avoid availability bias. While I would be 
able to test the program under circumstances that I could fathom, this random
generator might be better equipped to come up with rare edge-cases that I might 
not have considered. By varying its length, this generator would also be able to
track performance over extened periods/long fields

3.
This sprint differed from prior assignments in its relatively open-ended nature.
Previously, I have been given tighter specifications and clearer objectives, so 
it was a bit challenging to have work around this. I was mildly surprised by the
differences between type script and java, and I expected the two languages to be
 a lot more similar. Ultimately, I think I will be able to get the hang of type 
script as the class goes on. I did not encounter any bugs on this assignment. I 
think this is mainly attributable to the relative simplicity of the sprint. I am
sure that as the sprints go on, I will begin to encounter more bugs and will 
have to carefully navigate them.
